A few days later
There aren't many people who are absent now.
I thought there were people who were working hard without reading the letters.
So I came to get a letter from them.
What are you mumbling about? Get up here.
What can I do for you?
I'd like you to read a letter.
A letter?
I'm busy right now, so I can't.
If you're busy, why don't you smoke and sit down?
I'm going to be busy from now on.
If you're going to be busy, don't say that. Read it.
I can't help it. Read it.
Give it to me.
Yes, it's a letter.
No matter what anyone says, it's a letter.
I'm not going to say anything. It's a letter.
Where did you get this letter?
It's written somewhere, isn't it?
It's written somewhere, but I'm going to look it up.
It's like a police report.
It's a letter from a man in the capital.
Oh, it's written. It's written.
Eight letters from the capital's old man.
What a strange letter.
Hey, can't you write something like the letter eight?
Don't be so arrogant.
The old man is above you.
If you want to write it, you should become an old man.
Even if you get used to it, you can't.
Please read it to that guy.
I'll read it.
Oh, what is this?
The old man is so mean.
It's not going to be long.
Are you teasing me?
I'm not saying I'm teasing you, but I'm going to judge you by the ink.
You can't write it with such a thin ink.
I'm an old man who was proud of his strong body.
There's no way that's true.
No, it's a letter from the back.
Oh, that's right. It's from the back.
You have to look at everything from the back and buy it.
There's no way to be naive.
You can't buy a shirt.
I'm sorry for everything.
I'm sorry for the background.
I'm sorry for the shape of the pen.
I'll read it anyway.
You're so mean.
I'm sorry for everything.
But what is it, Hachiko?
I wonder if you ever talked to an old man about this letter.
Even if you didn't, it was written in the letter.
This is the clue.
It's like a detective.
The other day, I met an old man in Nihonbashi.
We were going to have a meeting and have a guest.
He said he'd lend me his money.
I said yes.
Oh, I see. It's written.